[Dx 720] - Update Release Landing Page With Latest Component Versions (#3640)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/tyk-release-summary/overview.md

---
title: Latest Tyk Releases
description: "Explore Tyk's latest releases. Here you will find latest releases and access to docker images and release notes for all our platforms."
diffTitle: true
landingPage: true
layout: release-summary
aliases:
  - /release-notes
---

> Explore the latest tagged open-source releases on our GitHub repositories. Enhance integration with Docker images for seamless deployment. Detailed insights, including features, enhancements and bug fixes, are in our comprehensive release notes—a vital resource for developers evaluating upgrades.

Reviewer: why open source and GH if this page is for all the components?
I'd also drop "tagged" as it's too technical.

Not sure i understand the intro.

Author: ```suggestion
Download the latest releases for our Tyk components. Links are provided to download docker images and source code ( where applicable for our open-source components). Detailed insights, including features, enhancements and bug fixes, can be found in our comprehensive release notes. These are a vital resource for developers evaluating upgrades.
```
